Hello and welcome to the Capstone.
At this point, we've been together for
four classes, so I thank you for
your dedication and the amount of time
that you've put in to get this far.
This is supposed to be fun,
Capstone is not supposed to
contain any new information.
It's really just supposed to
apply the things that we've done.
But one of the things that I want to
do in this Capstone is give you
an opportunity to talk and even lead and
be creative and come up with ideas.
And to accomplish that,
we've got three required assignments.
And if all you want to do is
the three required assignments,
you download some code, you run some
stuff, you do some screen shots,
we peer grade them and you're done.
That's if you really just
kind of want to get in and
get out,
just do the three required assignments.
But in order to get you talking,
we have three optional assignments.
And the optional assignments are where you
build on what we're doing in this capstone
and you choose a data source of your own.
And you do some data analysis and
maybe some data retrieval and
then maybe some data visualization and
then we talk about it.
You can put up some YouTube video or
you can upload a file somewhere.
And then we'll have you build
a threaded discussion so
that you can talk about it and
other students can talk about it as well.
And literally,
in these three optional assignments,
you might decide that
people will group together.
And someone will present an idea and
someone else will want to work on it and
that's okay.
The other thing that is totally
okay is putting code in the forums.
That's been verboten so far in this class,
but it's not verboten anymore.
We're not going to filter the forums,
we're not going to tell you you can't
write code because at some point if you're
working together using this forums,
then you might have to
put code up like hi,
I didn't get this working or
why is this not going on or whatever.
And so that's okay,
we're going to loosen things up a bit.
So I'm really in a way looking forward
to seeing what you're going to do,
what you're going to accomplish in
these courses, in this capstone,
again the optional stuff.
So I'm looking forward to that because
I've been coming up with the ideas but
I think you're going to come up with
a lot of wonderful things.and so
I really am looking forward to
the Capstone and welcome to the course and
see you on the net.